All right we'll come back.
So we've made it through a lot of string functions.
We've seen concat and replace and substring and reverse and Chaar and we have two more that I'm combining
into one video because they're really simple and straightforward and they're a natural pair.
And then after we finish this we have some fun exercises.
So the two that we're looking at are upper and lower and they do what they sound like they change the
case of a string.
We can make something all caps or all lower case letters.
So let's take a look.
What do you think this will do.
By now you should be familiar with this select and some string function.
So select upper hello world is going to convert Hello World to all caps and just to prove that.
Let's go over here and do it and we get hello world in all caps.
Likewise select lower hello world will convert everything to be lowercase.
So it's really just the H and the W and we get.
Hello world.
I still don't believe me.
OK.
There we go.
Hello world.
So honestly that's pretty much it.
Just like the other couple of videos before this.
If you feel like that's good enough.
Go ahead.
Move on to the exercise.
But if you want to see me use it.
Wisdom of our author data.
Stick around.
So let's do something silly like printout.
All book titles in all caps.
So to do that it's just select upper title from books and that's it.
And of course we can combine it with other things so we could do something like.
My favorite book is as if someone was yelling.
My favorite book is and then a book name like The Namesake.
And to do that we need to combine the uppercase version so I'll start writing it here.
Upper title and we need to concatenate that with this string right here and to concatenate them kind
of building backwards.
Here we need to use concat just like that so concat my favorite book is and which is that is space the
uppercase version of title and then we'll just add a select concat from books.
So it kind of built that one in a different way starting from the inside out.
You can see we get my favorite book is a namesake.
My favorite book is a circle.
My favorite book is kender is the Cannery Row.
Yeah I'm not sure I put that there.
Well anyways if we delete that extra and rerun this
now it's grammatically correct.
So that's pretty much it to upper and lower.
I mean we could change this to be lower if I mean fine if you make me show it.
I don't think there's any surprise about what will happen but just in case it just converts everything
to lowercase.
OK so that's upper and lower.
That was a lot of stuff.
All these different string functions we saw.
Now it's time for you to get some practice doing it yourself.